# Generative AI

You are encouraged to use all the tools you want to do your work and contribute as efficiently as possible, this includes AI (LLM) tools, etc. Nevertheless, contributions should have meaningful human intervention, judgement, context, etc.

Generative AI tools have evolved rapidly, and their suggested results can be helpful. As with using any tool, the resulting contribution is the responsibility of the contributor. We value good code, concise accurate documentation, and avoiding unneeded code churn. Discretion, good judgment, and critical thinking are the foundation of all good contributions, regardless of the tools used in their creation.

## Acceptable uses

Some of the acceptable uses of generative AI include:

- Assistance with writing comments, especially in a non-native language.
- Gaining understanding of existing code.
- Supplementing contributor knowledge for code, tests, and documentation.

## Unacceptable uses

Maintainers may close issues and PRs that are not useful or productive, including those that are fully generated by AI. If a contributor repeatedly opens unproductive issues or PRs, they may be blocked.

The same applies to comments and descriptions, please don't copy paste the content generated by an LLM. A good rule of thumb is that if you can't make yourself carefully read some LLM output that you generated, nobody else wants to read it either.

## Human Effort Denial of Service

Using automated tools and AI to submit PRs or comments that we have to carefully review and handle would be the equivalent of a [Denial-of-service attack](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Denial-of-service_attack) on our human effort.

It would be very little effort from the person submitting the PR (an LLM prompt) that generates a large amount of effort on our side (carefully reviewing code).

Please don't do that.

We'll need to block accounts that spam us with repeated automated PRs or comments.
